# wee2big
blockchain  bonanza is the  wealth   of  the 2 nd  millenium
Hi  Aliens  and  Robots  ,  I  am  a human Encouraged  by  proffessor  ron  Smith  of  birkbeck  College,  UK  to    embarked  on  the  economic  research  on  blockchain  ,  and its  impact  on resources  wealth , monetory  system  , distribution  and  marketing  of  virtual  goods  and  services  , a new  branch  of  economics  that  specifically  tries  to , understand  , track , monitor  , and  predict  the  lifecycle   growth  and  maturity  of  this  ubiquitous  phenomenon and technology,  through  time -series-analysis.
what  is  a blockchain and  how  does  it  generate  , bitcoin  or  ethereum  or  any other  kind  of  value , , how  secure  is  it  ,  how  can  it  be  managed  and   what  are  the  impacts  of  block chain  technology
In June  2017 , the virtual  company GiGA WATT project  raised  $ 8 million in bitcoin currency . they have a  white  paper  stating  they  would  exchange  mining  tokens , and  named  them  watts. interestingly  the  initial  offering  of  their  coins  is  still ongoing.TEZOS  has just  finished  as the  world  largest  ICO.  hitting  more  than  $200  million worth  of  cryptocoins.  something  is  definitely  going  on  here  , blind  people  are  not  throwing  away  their  cryptocurrencies , into  a  wishing  well.  these crypto currencies  were  bought  with  fiat  currency  , mostly  cash.
the  good  money  alaways  drives  out  the  bad  money ,   right  at  this  minute   bitcoins  and  cryptos  have a  badder name  than  cash , but  when  it  starts  to get good then  better  and eventually the   best form  of  exchange  , a  medium  a  tandard  and  a  store , it  will  drive  out  the  cash  wihich , may  not  be  so  good  anymore.
.a top point  for  cryptocurrency  based  tokens  and  coins  and  contracts  are  that  they can be  built  on  a  personal  level /a  bank  is  not  neccessary , when an  individual  can  be  assigned ,  a  unique  wallet  , that can  be  subdivided  ,  countless  times  to  produce  a  series  of  cryptographic  numbers  that cannot  be  emulated  or  forged , into  a personal  money emblem  like  a digital  credit  debit  advice  a  smart  wallet . A  whole contract  can  be  written  and  digitalized  into  a  memorable  phrase , that  can  be  recalled  word  for  word , without  any  tampering , when  in  need  of  execution.
digitalization  of  large  numbers  ,  facts  and books , is  named a  Hash  Rate  .  a certain  combination  of finite  
Hash  Rates  are  mathematical  functions  of  programs  such  as SHA256. the Hash  function  applies  a set  of  mathmatical  Transformations  to an arbitrary  input  to  form a  ouput  which  is  termed  a  digest  of fixed  length. or  a hash  or    tag .
in  sha  236  ,  a Tag  could  be 256  units  , it  could  be  further  compressed.
no  matter  what  the  input  , whether  it  is  the  number 1  or  the  entire  encyclopaedia , its  out put  will be a  unique  Hash  Tag  seemingly  random . the  same  input  will  giv  ethe  same  output  everytime.
a  distortion  of  a  single  0 or comma  or  fullstop at  any  point in  the input  will give  a totally  different  unique  number .
Every transsaction A to B of quantity C and value D in Time T  is  recorded  at  the  beginning  and  end  of a  block , when  a  programe  runs  a  thread  through  all the  needles  they gprm  a block ,  the  longest  forming  block  iis the  trusted  and  the  true. smaller  fragmented  and  offshoots  of  false blockchains  automatically  dies  out. power  in  watts  and  energy , used  to create fraud crypto  ,  double  spending  and  overflow , is totally  more  expensive  than creating  and  mining  blocks . its  like saying mining  diamonds  is  cheaper  than  manufacturing  scenario, though  the  diamond  is viceversa
cryptocurrencies  are  primarily  used  for  exchanging  goods  and  services  online . they  are  used  outside the  normal  banking conventions  , but  the  banks do have  transaction records of  cryptocurrencies ,  so it  is  not  totally  anonymous.
 these  have  a tremendous  potential to  challenge  the existing  system  of currency  and  payments .
 The  market  capitalization  of  cryptocurrencies , till date  june  2017  is 100 billion  us $. that  is  almost  the  20 %  more  wealth  than  bil lgates  owns.
